README.md, before:

# Quote selection

Install a keyboard shortcut <kbd>r</kbd> to append selected text to a `<textarea>` as a Markdown quote.

## Installation

```
$ npm install @github/quote-selection
```

## Usage

```html
<div class="my-quote-region">
  <p>Text to quote</p>
  <textarea></textarea>
</div>
```

```js
import {install} from '@github/quote-selection'

install(document.querySelector('.my-quote-region'))
```

This sets up a keyboard event handler so that selecting any text within `.my-quote-region` and pressing <kbd>r</kbd> appends the quoted representation of the selected text into the first applicable `<textarea>` element.

### Preserving Markdown syntax

```js
install(element, {
  quoteMarkdown: true,
  scopeSelector: '.comment-body'
})
```

The optional `scopeSelector` parameter ensures that even if the user selection bleeds outside of the scoped element, the quoted portion will always be contained inside the scope. This is useful to avoid accidentally quoting parts of the UI that might be interspersed between quotable content.

## Events

* `quote-selection-markdown` (bubbles: true, cancelable: false) - fired on the quote region to optionally inject custom syntax into the `fragment` element in `quoteMarkdown: true` mode
* `quote-selection` (bubbles: true, cancelable: true) - fired on the quote region before text is appended to a textarea

For example, reveal a textarea so it can be found:

```js
region.addEventListener('quote-selection', function(event) {
  const {selection, selectionText} = event.detail
  console.log('Quoted text', selection, selectionText)

  const textarea = event.target.querySelector('textarea')
  textarea.hidden = false

  // Cancel the quote behavior.
  // event.preventDefault()
})
```

## Development

```
npm install
npm test
```

## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.

Commit message:

Bring back copy Markdown to clipboard functionality
This was enabled by default, but didn't work perfectly for our
use-cases. This brings it back in off-by-default mode so it can be
enabled and experimented with.

Basically undoes 550e43a3d88960832c0d92f8d3e32f5aeedb14e0

README.md, after:

# Quote selection

Install a keyboard shortcut <kbd>r</kbd> to append selected text to a `<textarea>` as a Markdown quote.

## Installation

```
$ npm install @github/quote-selection
```

## Usage

```html
<div class="my-quote-region">
  <p>Text to quote</p>
  <textarea></textarea>
</div>
```

```js
import {install} from '@github/quote-selection'

install(document.querySelector('.my-quote-region'))
```

This sets up a keyboard event handler so that selecting any text within `.my-quote-region` and pressing <kbd>r</kbd> appends the quoted representation of the selected text into the first applicable `<textarea>` element.

### Preserving Markdown syntax

```js
install(element, {
  quoteMarkdown: true,
  copyMarkdown: false,
  scopeSelector: '.comment-body'
})
```

The optional `scopeSelector` parameter ensures that even if the user selection bleeds outside of the scoped element, the quoted portion will always be contained inside the scope. This is useful to avoid accidentally quoting parts of the UI that might be interspersed between quotable content.

In `copyMarkdown: true` mode, the browser clipboard copy action is intercepted for user selections within `element` and the Markdown representation of the content is placed on clipboard under the `text/x-gfm` MIME-type.

## Events

* `quote-selection-markdown` (bubbles: true, cancelable: false) - fired on the quote region to optionally inject custom syntax into the `fragment` element in `quoteMarkdown: true` mode
* `quote-selection` (bubbles: true, cancelable: true) - fired on the quote region before text is appended to a textarea

For example, reveal a textarea so it can be found:

```js
region.addEventListener('quote-selection', function(event) {
  const {selection, selectionText} = event.detail
  console.log('Quoted text', selection, selectionText)

  const textarea = event.target.querySelector('textarea')
  textarea.hidden = false

  // Cancel the quote behavior.
  // event.preventDefault()
})
```

## Development

```
npm install
npm test
```

## License

Distributed under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.
